and the elliptical bottom wing the older
ones had the flat bottom wing the
ailerons flaps
w10 your dynamically danced elevator the
rudder and Finny's original so he's got
a high compression 10.8 compression like
homing 320 mean D registered as a from a
lycoming so it's now I'm well suited for
a microlight engines done about 380
hours it's probably good for another 20
years and a couple thousand hours no
problem it's got an Omega propeller
that's 70 by 72 touch static is 2,300
rpm inside we've got the new squishy
seats nice and comfortable computers
left and right with a separate battery
for the radios for the electronic
ignition and the battery for starting
ISM behind the rear seat step pretty
basic instrumentation here speed ball
rahrr p.m. altimeter there's a bump
meter this one here totally conditional
to both the batteries vertically has
been all teamriche normal pressure and
fuel this switch here is for an axillary
tank feed for long trips would you plug
it into a accessory fuel tank fuel
corn foot brakes there's the controls
for the elevator and aileron this is the
term
and of course we have flair for notches
of flack it all works very well
nice big boot luggage area of 60 pounds
of weight they are playing the
maintenace on return the copy called
pump the has me started for two weeks
but why don't I have pumps and surfing
styler
let's after four weeks cold
they can turn the key off and store runs
and you can turn the mass switch off
so it's actually running up brakes on
start now you'll notice how it idles
quite slow
total safe
yep this is also a microlight plus 2
category Whitman talent that smoke light
in the world
it starts beautifully with the dual
electronic ignition
Wi-Fi
put this one new your heart no being out
of practice flaw in the old girl lineup
for 12 months
Dave you got nice old plane